Sampler callback checks parent decision (#3231)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/traces-sampler-as-sampler/java.mdx

  options.setTracesSampler(context -> {
    CustomSamplingContext ctx = context.getCustomSamplingContext();
    if (ctx != null) {
      // If this is the continuation of a trace, just use that decision (rate controlled by the caller).
      if (ctx.getParentSampled() != null) {
        return ctx.getParentSampled();

>       }

Reviewer: I believe you meant another object here:

```
val transactionContext = it.transactionContext
transactionContext.parentSampled
```

>       // If this is the continuation of a trace, just use that decision (rate controlled by the caller).
>       if (ctx.getParentSampled() != null) {
>         return ctx.getParentSampled();
>       }

Author: ```suggestion
      // If this is the continuation of a trace, just use that decision (rate controlled by the caller).
      Boolean parentSampled = context.getTransactionContext().getParentSampled();
      if (parentSampled != null) {
        return parentSampled ? 1.0 : 0.0;
```

>         return parentSampled ? 1.0 : 0.0;

Author: ```suggestion
        return parentSampled ? 1.0 : 0.0;
      }
```
